alright this is justin caring and pies
Nick we're about to do skateboarding
tricks all right Anne's going to start
it off okay go oh yeah let's go you
almost granted the side she got all the
way up to the top all right all right
he's gonna try it again step aside oh
darn he got like to the exact same spot
alrighty I didn't get that do it again
okay here we go I try one more time see
if you can get vodka manual how much i
doona in the baby's nose kind yep down
okay here i just wish okay you're going
to do an old guy
and he failed to okay now I'll try one
more time and then I'll try
okay okay one more time down yeah yeah
pocket now is much okay come on stop
yeah yes
ok let's go come on yeah yeah I did I
got a lot of it
just got mail
I can tell he doesn't like the feel of
it as he he's going mental
he doesn't know what the heck he's doing
and our bike rider just threw a candle
and okay this place is going mazhar i
thought i was bad until I saw that my
fingers in the way I know I'm very sorry
no he's got and I supposed to try to
kill the cameraman are we got cameras
all he had it he was dining literally
grinding now we'll have to be a mess by
the time half and score yep all right
here we go here we go here we go oh and
imperfect ok here we go ahead of my I'm
tha ok whykor
is gone now Arya a mini a minion no
that's not nice no reason ok ok i messed
up on that one but here ok Justin
straight i got the camera i'll do it
during the camera all right everybody ok
listen this is a famous famous famous
thing you'll ever see guys ready i'm
erin project in business yeah yeah
wow that was amazing just thinking I do
some real okay
yeah Tony Hawk first homer here we go I
can make money selling I'm making okay
okay those are the idiots of dancing
more screaming there's dance sorry you
have to hear those chimpanzees yeah the
bike they're trying to break my keyboard
okay then we have six seven minutes ya
know seven minutes 26 27
okay see you next time later the back
okay okay uh how do you do this hey I'm
Todd